[Music]
you've been stranded in the middle of
the woods to be hunted for sport by the
richest people in the world
in this death game no one is who they
see sadistic traps are hidden around
every corner and you'll have to outsmart
everyone in the most brutal way to
survive
what do you do against bloodthirsty
hunters who will look for every excuse
to kill you
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do
in how to beat every death trap in the
hunt
[Music]
everyone on this airplane is going to
die this rich guy here is enjoying the
spoils of wealth but as a stewardess
porous as champagne
everyone is shocked when a man stumbles
into the cabin this man has no idea
where he is but it's clear the guy's not
supposed to be awake
ted the doctor here calms the man down
and gets him to lie on the floor
he then asks the stewardess for a pen
before viciously stabbing him
in the neck okay this escalated quickly
but just because someone's a doctor
doesn't mean you should trust them as
much as 70 percent of the population
puts unconditional trust in their
physicians because they know more about
keeping us alive than we do
but nobody stops to realize that they
also know more about killing us
as well this doctor here just uses
expert knowledge to stab him in the
carotid artery which is a high pressure
vessel that supplies blood to the brain
and it's one of the fastest ways to die
from blood loss
now even though this guy's been drugged
he has enough information to assume he's
on a private jet
you'd easily be able to feel the jet
engine rumble and the effects of cabin
pressurization
unless you're a blackout drunk
billionaire then it's safe to say that
if you don't remember getting on the
airplane then you're probably here
against your will so stumbling out into
the open like this is not smart and we
should first take in our surroundings
after waking up i would stay where i am
and keep track of how long we are flying
for because we can estimate that for
each hour of flight we've traveled
roughly 600 miles and we would get a
better sense of where we are in the
world by simply waiting quietly to land
but if they already knew we were awake i
would look for a dinner knife and try to
take one of the passengers hostage
these people are completely unprotected
so they would do just about anything to
save themselves
if i could trick the pilots into
depressurizing the cabin in order to
neutralize the threat
it will knock everyone unconscious from
hypoxia but there's a way we can remain
the only conscious person
long enough to kill everyone in the
cabin you can keep your blood oxygen
levels saturated even at high altitudes
using specialized breathing techniques
by breathing in and out quickly you can
purge the carbon dioxide from your lungs
and
improve your ability to retain enough
oxygen to prevent hypoxia at high
altitudes as demonstrated here by david
blaine
the man hasn't given up yet as he grabs
a champagne bottle and breaks it over
the doctor's head but the sound wakes up
a woman in the back of the plane
she grabs a shoe walks up from behind
and jams the heel straight into his eye
this woman means business the doctor
drags the man into a room with another
drugged victim and she has no idea the
game of her life is about to begin
the woman wakes up with a mouth gag
locked to her face
and has no idea where she is she stands
up and sees another woman in the
distance who also has a mouth gag
she watches as the woman snaps the pin
off of her name tag and rubs it against
her hair before placing it on a leaf
floating in the water
her makeshift compass turns to point
north and she walks away
ignoring this woman's calls for help
okay
this woman has mad skills and we want to
be surrounded by intelligent people to
get out of this
alive so it's reasonable to think we
should follow her but this woman is
actually drawing a false conclusion
because there's no point going north if
you don't know where in the world you
are first
the one thing that's more valuable than
a compass right now is knowledge of
botany and environmental science
because we can use the tree species the
temperature and the humidity to figure
out where in the world we are
different trees grow in different
regions and climates so if we already
know we've been on an airplane
and have a rough idea of how long we
might have traveled for we can build a
radius of where these observable weather
patterns tree species and humidity
levels would fall inside of that radius
and make a reasonable assumption of
where we might be if you're surrounded
by coniferous trees you're more likely
to be the northern hemisphere whereas
palms would tell you we are in a
tropical or sub-tropical region
all this matters because it tells us
which cardinal direction we should be
walking in
if i thought i might be near a coast it
would make more sense to walk east or
west they confirm the theory so i can
geo-locate myself
and north would be the most unlikely
direction to find this
the woman sees a man walking by and
follows him to an open field where she
finds several other victims
and they're all walking towards a wooden
crate in the center of the clearing
this guy takes the crowbar and begins to
pry it open worried the
others run away to watch from safety
thinking this could be a deadly trap
honestly i can't blame them because
unless it's christmas opening things
from mysterious boxes
doesn't have a good track record as the
man finally breaks the crate open
a pig dressed in a costume comes
trotting out but that's not the only
thing in the box
as he reaches in and pulls out a weapons
rack taking this whole situation
up to 11. okay first of all we need to
take as many of these weapons for
ourselves as possible but right now we
don't know if we're meant to kill each
other or work as a team and this makes
our next decision extremely important
if we run up to grab weapons this guy
might decide we are a threat and shoot
us
he's in an open field and is an easy
target to anyone who might be watching
if it's me i would try to convince him
he's in danger by staying out there and
make him push this weapon rack all the
way to the tree line and use it to take
cover
once the weapons are brought out of the
clearing it will be easier to find
cooperation because we've already acted
based on our mutual benefit
now as far as weapon selection goes i
need something lightweight and
multi-purpose
so i would pick two pistols and a
nepalese machete
both are easy to carry and run with and
at least the kukris can be used as tools
as well
the rifles are obviously more powerful
and better for range but they aren't
good for every scenario and are
impossible to conceal
so i would sacrifice the more powerful
weapon for agility and stealth
the other kidnapped victims run up to
choose their weapon when this woman
spots an envelope with a key inside and
uses it to unlock this man's gag
they all start helping each other as
this man hands her a weapon she's never
touched a gun before so he carefully
shows her how to use it
she begins talking to the sky here when
suddenly a bullet flies by and
interrupts their conversation
they all run for cover but blondie here
doesn't make it that's one down
and 10 to go this guy goes around the
side of the box
and finds that the shots are coming from
this bunker up the hill
that's when rambo here runs towards it
firing all his ammo but gets taken down
in two shots that's two dead and nine to
go
this woman runs out of the box and into
the woods but she falls into a trap
this guy runs after her and finds her at
the bottom of a punji pit
he manages to pull her out of the pit
and carries her into the woods but steps
on a landmine and gets blown up
sending the girl flying okay at this
point it's safe to say
nobody here knows what they're doing
charging at a bunker that's at least 40
meters away
in the middle of an open clearing has
zero logic we
are not here voluntarily so there's no
reason for us to fight these people
the only logical thing to do is run for
the trees to escape and keep running
until i find help
honestly if you looked at our
surroundings before even opening the box
they could have seen this very man-made
bunker and all of this is enough to tell
them that they've been brought here to
be hunted down
the weapons were just an excuse to lure
them into the field for target practice
we now have to consider that everything
we encountered could be a trap and that
logic should be included in our escape
as well
if we know there are landmines and pungy
pits around then i would let others run
first so i can observe which paths they
take
and choose to follow the ones that have
traps because they will have already
been triggered and exposed
by the others this bearded man finds the
woman back in the pit and she's now
missing her legs
she begs him to shoot her but when he
refuses she takes one of his guns and
does the job herself
that leaves four dead and seven alive he
crawls away into the woods and runs up
to the forest where he finds a wire
fence with a road on the other side
he's joined by three others who ask him
what the plan is the man tells them that
they're stuck in the middle of manor
gate and they need to follow the road
here they all climb over the fence but
as they make it to the other side
arrows start to fly hitting this man in
the back the others run away as he stays
behind
blindly firing into the woods but the
archer hits him with an arrow in the
throat and the guy gets blown up with a
frag grenade
okay this guy didn't have to die this
way he could have kept running down the
length of the fence to find a safer
place to climb over but
also rushing in towards the archer is
not the worst tactic
a good archer can hit a watermelon from
100 yards while a gunman with a 44
magnum is more likely to miss
it's outside the weapons effective range
so closing in would be a good tactic
but if it were me i wouldn't run down
this open path here we don't know
exactly where the archer is
so it would be better to run diagonally
into the denser forest for more coverage
because we would be more difficult to
hit
once i've spotted the archer i would
wait for him to fire and when he redraws
the bow
i'd rush at him shooting my pistol the
three survivors run down the road and
are lucky enough to find a gas station
on the way
they run in and hold the place up
barricade in the front door shut and
demand to know where in the world they
are
this old man tells them they're in
arkansas and it freaks everyone out
because they begin to realize they were
all kidnapped from different parts of
the country
the bearded man is from staten island
this woman is from wyoming and florida
man here is from exactly where you think
he's from
he demands that the old couple give him
a phone to call the police
and when the dispatcher picks up he
tells him that they're being hunted
asking them to trace the call before
hanging up the coupler nervous of the
gun in their face
and he assures them that he can handle
it because he has seven guns at home
they ask why and he tells them it's his
constitutional right to own them but
this woman won't let it go
she starts to argue saying that
whoever's hunting them is just
exercising their constitutional rights
as well
and he shouldn't be mad at them okay the
most important thing to know about your
constitutional rights is that you
shouldn't waste time talking about them
when you're running for your life
this guy is being triggered into a
debate and it's distracting him from
realizing that this old woman is way too
calm for someone with a gun in her face
i'm starting to think that finding this
gas station at all is way too suspicious
if they stop to gather information first
they would have noticed that the sign
outside says
seek and you shall find which is way too
inviting but more importantly there's a
truck parked right in front
i would take their car keys and kidnap
them force them to start the car at
gunpoint and drive us
out of here now the car is so
conspicuously placed that we have to
assume it could be a trap like
everything else
so if they were willing to get in and
start the car we can trust it's going to
be safe
getting hungry this woman here starts
eating a donut but
suddenly she begins to choke and falls
to the floor she's been poisoned and the
couple use a distraction to put on gas
masks as the wife throws a grenade that
floods the store with poison gas
the bearded man gets blasted away by the
husband but the florida man
isn't dead yet the husband comes to tell
him that climate change is real before
knocking him dead this makes him the
eighth person to die
and now there are three victims left the
wife gets a radio message from the other
hunters that a new
unarmed victim is coming their way and
this one should be fun
soon enough this woman crystal enters a
store and asks for a pack of cigarettes
paying nine dollars in 93 cents for them
but then the woman asks which state
she's in and when she's told she's in
arkansas
she knows this old couple is full of
she slams the wife into the counter
and shoots the husband with his own
shotgun
before finishing off the wife okay
normally i would say smoking kills but
right now
it's saving lives cigarettes can cost
anywhere from 5.25
to 12.85 depending on which state you're
in
and that makes a big difference to a
smoker's wallet this woman's expert
knowledge of federal
state and local sales tax on tobacco
told her everything she needed to know
to justify killing this couple but since
i'm not a smoker
i would have to use another method to
figure out whether or not this couple is
full of crap
and to me that would be their accent and
colloquial vocabulary
instead of cigarettes i would ask what
drinks they had because i know that many
arkansans will call every soft drink a
coke as a broad classifier instead of
pop or soda if they refer to them as
sodas it's a lot less likely that
they're from arkansas and i would go
straight for the gun behind the counter
the more important difference however is
that i wouldn't kill them
if i can manage to take their gun i
would try to lure other hunters in by
making them ask for help moving the dead
bodies
the hunters would most likely arrive by
car so not only do i get to kill more of
them but i also get a safe getaway
vehicle in the process
taking some ammo for her new gun crystal
here leaves the store and spots a pickup
truck parked outside
removing its fake arkansas license plate
she finds a european one underneath it
revealing that they're not even in
america anymore
she's about to get into the car when she
spots a tripwire hooked to the door
and finds it's been connected to a block
of c4 explosives rake to blow up if she
tries getting into the driver's seat
crystal decides to line weight and
listen to the hunter's conversations
over the stolen walkie-talkie they
haven't heard back from the old couple
and want to check on them but the woman
is taken by surprise as a drone flies
overhead
it locks into the gas station for the
old couple when suddenly it's shot out
of the air and the hunters turn off the
radio
a man comes out of hiding and sums the
drone to pieces he heads for the car
when crystal here stops him
she reveals that the car is rigged to
explode and tells him off for shooting
the drone the hunters can't
see them but now they know exactly where
they are and they need to leave before
they're caught
okay teaming up with anyone is a high
risk high reward gamble
now additional skill sets or knowledge
might help us survive but so far
this guy has a lot more cons than pros
he's already made two bad decisions with
the drone in the car
and we can also tell that he's out of
shape which will both slow us down and
deplete any food resources you might
need to share
he's also more likely to get dehydrated
quicker because fat traps heat and
raises the body's core temperature which
will cause him to sweat more profusely
on a long walk he's going to be asking
us to share our water and i'm not giving
him a drop
if i were her i'd ask him to wait in the
bushes for the hunters and ambush them
together from different directions but
when the hunters show up
he'll have to fight them off himself
giving me more time to escape
together they follow these train tracks
and the man shares his theory that
they've been kidnapped as a part of the
manor gate conspiracy where a group of
wealthy elites hunt the poor in an
annual death game
but the woman isn't listening to him as
she touches the rail to feel the rumble
of a train approaching
she starts running as it gets closer and
jumps on board before pulling the man up
to safety
inside the car they hear a noise and go
to investigate finding a group of
refugees hiding
gary here thinks they're crisis actors
pretending to be immigrants and he's
about to shoot them when the train comes
to a sudden stop
they hide behind the crates as they see
these european soldiers approach with
sniffer dogs in order all the passengers
to step off the train
knowing they don't have a choice they
leave their guns on board and get out
gary walks up to explain that he's an
american and that they've been smuggled
here to be hunted down by rich elites
but they don't believe him
now they can't run away and aren't sure
what to do next but that's when this
refugee here
admits to gary that he's actually one of
the people hunting them and these
soldiers are not a part of the plan
so he needs to calm down promising to
give them a head start he tries to make
a deal to keep him quiet but gary is
absolutely livid he tackles the man to
the ground and shoves a live grenade
down in his pants
riding away as the hunter explodes okay
we've killed another hunter and that
seems like a good thing but it was a
huge mistake
first of all this guy isn't just a
hunter he's a desperate hunter
this game has gotten outside of his
control and the military police are now
involved
he needs something from us to keep him
out of trouble and that not only makes
him the most valuable person in the
world but it also gives us power over
him
i would be trying to exploit his
desperation to learn more about who the
other hunters are
and where they are hiding i'd then use
him as evidence of the conspiracy theory
when the time is right but just like the
drone earlier this guy just wants to
hulk smash his way out of
everything this time it's going to be a
big problem
if these soldiers were real they're
definitely not going to help us now
they'll follow the rules of engagement
and you'll either be killed or left in a
cell
and both of those scenarios are worse
than being hunted
crystal here is taken with the other
refugees to a camp and meets an
administrator who reveals that they're
in croatia
she asks him to call the u.s embassy and
the man guesses that she's been hunted
just like don here who's told them all
the exact same story
later that day the american envoy
arrives at the camp and agrees to take
them to the u.s embassy
on their way there the man starts
talking with them to find out what
happened and
sounds sympathetic but when he asks if
they know the reason why they were
chosen to be kidnapped and hunted
crystal realizes something is up she
kicks him in the head
and throws him out of the car taking
control the wheel she backs the car over
the man's head before getting out
and taking his gun don can't believe
what she's just done but when they check
the trunk her suspicions are confirmed
inside she finds gary here with a knife
sticking out of him that makes nine dead
and they are the only ones left okay
it's understandable to be relieved when
this guy comes to save us but it makes
us let our guard down because we think
we're safe
and that's exactly when you're easiest
to capture or kill
luckily we can gain the upper hand here
pretty easily with some cooperation
don here is in a great position to grab
this guy from behind and the man won't
be able to fight back
then i would grab the steering wheel and
force the car to the side of the road
put him in the trunk and start driving
it ourselves i'm definitely not going to
the u.s embassy though because these
people are extremely wealthy and manage
to smuggle
12 people across international borders
usually something this extreme comes
with help from friends in high places
and like i said
i'm trusting absolutely no one now i
have to say
there was a lot of valuable information
in this guy's head and now it's
splattered all over the road
as smart as this woman is she didn't
stop to ask which road to stay away from
the woman finds a map that reveals where
the man was going to take them and don
here insists
they escape with the car but crystal
refuses she tells him a story about a
jackrabbit in a turtle which ends of the
turtle's family being murdered by the
rabbit
crystal here is tired of being the
turtle and wants revenge
that's when this pig trots out of the
woods and it gives her an idea
that night the hunters are waiting in
their bunker and passing the time
this rich guy leaves to take a leak but
when he sees don holding a pig he gets
distracted and crystal flits his throat
then they drop the pig into the bunker
and the hunters shoot at it
caught up in the chaos they don't
realize that their game has found her
way in
and she shoots them down one by one
that's when the radio comes on and a
woman asks don here
if he killed crystal yet thinking he's
actually one of the hunters she
holds him up at gunpoint and forces him
to answer the radio
don denies the accusation but he raises
his gun and she shoots him dead
okay that pig is a hero because
he put his life on the line to save
crystal
and thanks to this little piggy we get
to go all the way home but now we have a
really important decision to make here
because we're the last person alive that
can confirm this conspiracy and if i
were the evil mastermind behind this
i wouldn't let that person get away so
even though we could escape
we would be looking over our shoulder
for the rest of our lives these people
obviously have limitless resources and
will be better at finding us than we
would be at hiding
the most logical plan is to try to find
and kill the last of the hunters to
finish this off
now it sounds risky but based on what we
saw from the hunters in this room we
might have a pretty good chance of
survival
first they fired before they even knew
what the threat was wasting ammo in a
small room that could have easily killed
someone in friendly crossfire
this tells me they're scared and will
always look for the easiest kill
secondly taking up a hunting bow in
close quarters like this instead of a
gun makes you vulnerable to a takedown
because it's not an effective weapon in
close combat and it takes too long to
reload
thirdly they could have organized a
flank or suppress the threat working
together as a military unit
but nobody stepped up to lead them this
tells me they are not prepared for the
worst case scenario
all this gives me reason to think that
any other hunters that i encounter are
going to operate the same way
and that hunting them down is the best
option we have if you want to live the
rest of our lives
in peace this sergeant is still alive
and crystal here makes him tell her the
directions to the manor so she can
finish the job
he warns her that their leader has been
trained but crystal here is a veteran
and she's more than ready to take the
last hunter down
she arrives at this manor and is told to
put her gun in the mailbox
unless she wants to get blown up obeying
the woman's request
crystal here prepares to fight for her
freedom and walks in
okay this might seem like a lost cause
but it's actually great news
this is a huge manner with a massive
gate and surveillance cameras
but instead of being surrounded by a
security team forcing us to put the gun
down
she's asking us to put it in the mailbox
we can reasonably deduce that she
wouldn't do this
unless she had no further security to
protect her beyond the skate
this gives us a good chance but it
doesn't mean it's going to be a fair
fight
so we have to figure out a way to bring
a weapon inside without the woman
finding out
now if it were me i wouldn't have left
the bunker without taking more weapons
and ammo to face this woman
at least we have a backup weapon for a
situation just like this
if they didn't have grenades i try to
find extra ammo extract the powder
and wrap it in a cloth we still have the
matches we were given at the gas station
and can use it to light a diy shrapnel
bomb
now this would be a total experiment
because i never made one before but
we're not being hunted right now
so we need to use as much of this time
as we can to give ourselves the best
chance to succeed
she walks into the house where she's
greeted by a woman waiting in the
kitchen
the woman tells her that she brought all
this on herself and
explains that one year ago athena here
was the ceo of her company but was told
that hackers found messages in her
private group chat making jokes about
hunting down the deplorables and the
hackers believed the texts were real
everyone involved in the group chat were
fired from their jobs but they swore to
get revenge on anyone who spread this
manor dick conspiracy by making the
conspiracy
real athena here reveals that she's an
extensive research on crystal's
background and knows she was spreading
false conspiracies about manorgate but
then crystal tells her they'd kidnap
the wrong woman she's not the same
crystal these hunters are looking for
and frankly she's fed up with all this
she attacks athena but quickly
realizes this woman
knows what she's doing they're evenly
matched until athena here stabs her with
a thermometer and jams a food processor
blade into her stomach
crystal here gets her second wind
pulling a reverse uno card and body
slams the blade
into the hunter with the two of them
exhausted from the fight athena here
asks the woman if the hunters actually
grabbed the wrong person
finding out that she made a whoopsie she
finally dies and crystal here is left
the victor of the hunt
into the victor go the spoils a nice
cheese toasty
some first aid of the worst kind and
free clothes with a bottle of champagne
getting on board athena's private jet
she tells the pilot that she killed
their bosses
and asks to be taken home as she sits
down for the long trip back and share
some caviar with the air hostess
she downs her champagne and savors the
sweet taste of victory
but what do you think how would you beat
the hunt now this movie is about brutal
and silly and the perfect satire on
modern day politics
and if you liked it i highly recommend
you check out dead meats video for his
own take on this crazy story
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day